# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The dataset contains campaign data about prospective individuals for banks. Here we have information about clients and we are doing classification whether a client will subscribe to the bank service or not.

We followed two different approaches. One through `hyperdrive` and another with `automl`. Through hyperdrive we tried to find best hyperparameters `c` and `max_iter` which we found `3.5430558109339505` and `169.0` respectively with `0.9153262518968134` accuracy from run id `HD_a323d13a-c6a7-4160-a5af-e8444f840933_23`. And with automl we found `VotingEnsemble` with `0.9161` best accuracy where run id is `AutoML_1c1181c8-53c7-4470-a7ca-6bed4153fdb2_35`.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
